Boss Xu, the person who booked the venue
Was that him?
I don't know.
That gentleman is a telephone booth.
I didn't care
But I just heard the world leader say
That adult wants to see the princess of the Ye family
I just came in a hurry
Princess Ye
Who is that?
You don't even know the princess of the Ye family
He is the third lady of Shangjing Ye's family
Known as the first beauty in Beijing in a hundred years
peerless style
alluring country
Macau Dazu
Come to Ning to promote the party from success to the west of the city
Well, finally got a little insight
Wait, I just said he was the third miss of the Ye family
Impossible.
Absolutely impossible
Boss Xu
Don't listen to them playing tricks here
Get them out of here now
This lady
Can you lift the veil and let me see the real face?
Can you confirm?
My lady has been waiting for 3 years
Only his crush can lift his hijab
Miss Ye, I have been ashamed of you for the past three years
Now I'm divorced.
It's time to complete the blogger's engagement
Lifting the lid is a lifetime
If I was ugly
You can't go back
You waited for me for three years
I must understand this intention
No matter what you look like
I admit it all
Xiao Junjie, you marry my lady
Is there no dowry at all?